Add hardware info page (#159)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: AMD/fx.md

### Add

> Here's where we specific which kexts to load, in what specific order and what architectures this kext is meant for. The main thing you need to keep in mind is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's where we specify which kexts to load, in what specific order to load, and what architectures each kext is meant for. The main thing you need to keep in mind is:
```

* Load order

>   * Remember that any plugins should load *after* the master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Remember that any plugins should load *after* its dependencies
```

  * This means kexts like Lilu **must** come before VirtualSMC, AppleALC, WhateverGreen, etc

A reminder that [ProperTree](https://github.com/corpnewt/ProperTree) users can run **Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + R** to add all their kexts in the correct order without manually typing each kext out.

* **Arch**
  * Architectures supported by this kext

>   * Currently supported values are `Any`, `i386`(32-bit), `x86_64`(64-bit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Currently supported values are `Any`, `i386` (32-bit), and `x86_64` (64-bit)
```

csr-active-config by default is set to `00000000` which enables System Integrity Protection. You can choose a number of different values but overall we recommend keeping this enabled for best security practices. More info can be found in our troubleshooting page: [Disabling SIP](../troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md#disabling-sip)

* **run-efi-updater**: `No`

>   * this is used to prevent Apple's firmware update packages from installing, this is very important especially with PC hardware as these firmware updates will crash on updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * this is used to prevent Apple's firmware update packages from installing and breaking boot order; this is important as these firmware updates (meant for Macs) will not work.
```
I *think* this is right not sure
